content/teaching/_index.md, before:

---
title: Teaching
weight: 3
---

Slides from select research talks and tutorials. Presentations on this page are licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a> unless otherwise noted.

### Courses/Workshops

- [**Drug Sensitivity Replicathon.**](https://pkimes.github.io/PR2019replicathon/) [(slides)](https://speakerdeck.com/pkimes/20190712-iqbio) [IQ BIO REU](http://iqbioreu.uprrp.edu/index.php/program/), University of Puerto Rico, Río Piedras. June 2019.
- [**BST260: Introduction to Data Science.**](http://datasciencelabs.github.io/datasciencelabs.github.io-2017/) [(GitHub repo)](https://github.com/datasciencelabs/2017) Biostatistics, Harvard T. H. Chan School of Public Health. Fall 2017.

---

### Research Talks

- [**Reproducible and replicable comparisons of methods controlling false discoveries in computational biology.**](https://www.birs.ca//cmo-workshops//2018/18w5202/files/Kimes_Patrick.pdf) [(video)](http://www.birs.ca/events/2018/5-day-workshops/18w5202/videos/watch/201811070903-Kimes.html) Workshop on Statistical/Computational Challenges in High-Throughput Genomics, BIRS/CMO. Oaxaca City, Oaxaca, Mexico. November 7, 2018.
- [**Statistical significance for hierarchical clustering.**](https://www.dropbox.com/s/qt8mtineaiaj2e0/kimesp_ibs.pdf?dl=0) Journal Club, International Biometrics Society. web-based. June 15, 2017.

---

### Tutorials

- [**Introduction to R and RStudio.**](https://speakerdeck.com/pkimes/dfci-introduction-to-r-and-rstudio) Data Sciences Seminar, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. Boston, Massachusetts, USA. October 1, 2019
- [**Introduction to Git and GitHub.**](https://speakerdeck.com/pkimes/dfci-introduction-to-git-and-github) Data Sciences Seminar, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. Boston, Massachusetts, USA. November 27, 2018.

---

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a>

Commit message:

Add link to HST953 lecture

content/teaching/_index.md, after:

---
title: Teaching
weight: 3
---

Slides from select research talks and tutorials. Presentations on this page are licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a> unless otherwise noted.

### Courses/Workshops

- [**HST953: Collaborative Data Science in Medicine.**](https://criticaldata.mit.edu/course/) [(slides for p-value lecture)](https://speakerdeck.com/pkimes/hst953-pvalues) MIT Critical Data, MIT. Fall 2019.
- [**Drug Sensitivity Replicathon.**](https://pkimes.github.io/PR2019replicathon/) [(slides)](https://speakerdeck.com/pkimes/20190712-iqbio) [IQ BIO REU](http://iqbioreu.uprrp.edu/index.php/program/), University of Puerto Rico, Río Piedras. June 2019.
- [**BST260: Introduction to Data Science.**](http://datasciencelabs.github.io/datasciencelabs.github.io-2017/) [(GitHub repo)](https://github.com/datasciencelabs/2017) Biostatistics, Harvard T. H. Chan School of Public Health. Fall 2017.

---

### Research Talks

- [**Reproducible and replicable comparisons of methods controlling false discoveries in computational biology.**](https://www.birs.ca//cmo-workshops//2018/18w5202/files/Kimes_Patrick.pdf) [(video)](http://www.birs.ca/events/2018/5-day-workshops/18w5202/videos/watch/201811070903-Kimes.html) Workshop on Statistical/Computational Challenges in High-Throughput Genomics, BIRS/CMO. Oaxaca City, Oaxaca, Mexico. November 7, 2018.
- [**Statistical significance for hierarchical clustering.**](https://www.dropbox.com/s/qt8mtineaiaj2e0/kimesp_ibs.pdf?dl=0) Journal Club, International Biometrics Society. web-based. June 15, 2017.

---

### Tutorials

- [**Introduction to R and RStudio.**](https://speakerdeck.com/pkimes/dfci-introduction-to-r-and-rstudio) Data Sciences Seminar, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. Boston, Massachusetts, USA. October 1, 2019
- [**Introduction to Git and GitHub.**](https://speakerdeck.com/pkimes/dfci-introduction-to-git-and-github) Data Sciences Seminar, Dana-Farber Cancer Institute. Boston, Massachusetts, USA. November 27, 2018.

---

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a>
